Feature/global read me (#227)
WalletConnect/WalletConnectKotlinV2: ReadMe.md

![WalletConnect V2](/docs/walletconnect-banner.svg)

# **WalletConnect - Kotlin**

> WalletConnect is an open protocol to communicate securely between Dapps and Wallets. This repository contains Kotlin implementation of
> WalletConnect v2 protocols for Android applications.

Reviewer: Taken from designs
```suggestion
The communications protocol for web3, WalletConnect brings the ecosystem together by enabling hundreds of wallets and apps to securely connect and interact. This repository contains Kotlin implementation of
WalletConnect v2 protocols for Android applications.
```
